## 2.5 Validate Playwright Test Runner

As we mentioned earlier, Playwright ships with a default `demo-todo-app.spec.ts` that you will find under the `test-examples/` folder. If you open that file, you will notice this code - which tells us the test script is running against the Playwright team's hosted version of this sample app.
v
```js
test.beforeEach(async ({ page }) => {
  await page.goto('https://demo.playwright.dev/todomvc');
});
```

Let's go ahead and run the Playwright test. 

```bash
npx playwright test tests-examples/demo-todo-app.spec.ts
```
You will get the following error message:

```bash
Error: No tests found
```

> 🟥 What just happened? Why were we unable to find the tests?

We just learned a key _Playwright Configuration_ property: `testDir`. If you open the `playwright.config.ts` file, you will see this:

```js
export default defineConfig({
  testDir: './tests',
  ..
})
```

This property tells the Playwright Test runner to look _only within the subfolders of that root directory_ to locate relevant test specifications. Since our `demo-todo-app.spec.ts` was in a sibling `test-examples/` folder, it was not seen.

Let's change that. Modify the line to read `testDir: '.'`. 

```js
export default defineConfig({
  testDir: '.',
  ..
})
```

We are now telling Playwright that the top-level folder for test specifications is the root of the repo - so _all_ test specifications in the repo now become discoverable. _Save the change, then run the test again_.

```bash
npx playwright test tests-examples/demo-todo-app.spec.ts
```
Once the tests have finished running you should see that 72 tests were run using 3 workers, as well as how many tests passed and how long it took to run.

```bash
Running 72 tests using 3 workers
  72 passed (44.5s)
```

🚀 | Congratulations!! We validated the Playwright Test Runner.