## 3.8 Understand Test Hierarchy

Here is how we organize our tests in Playwright.

- Every `test()` method in that specification is a [Test Case](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testcase). When run in a configuration with multiple projects, each project will _instantiate_ a version of this Test Case and configure it to suit project requirements.
- Every executable statement within the Test Case is a test action that can be tracked in reporter, trace-viewer, or UI mode tooling flows.
- Test cases can be _grouped explicitly_ into [Test Suites](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-suite) using `test.describe()` function. You can see an example of this in our `test-examples/demo-todo-app-spec.ts`. We'll revisit this later.
- Test cases are _grouped implicitly_ into Suites based on the project they belong to, and the file they are contained in. This allows Playwright to target groups of tests in various ways for execution.
- Every test run has a _Root suite_, with a child _Project suite_ for each configured project. Project suites have child _File suites_ for each test specification identified for that run. The File suite can have _Test Case_ objects (individual) and _Test Suite_ objects(explicitly grouped using `describe`) as children.


### 3.8.1 Test Annotation

The `test.describe` directive is an example of a [Playwright Annotation](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-annotations#group-tests). It allows us to group Test Case objects logically in a file so we can do things like apply _beforeEach_ and _afterEach_  hooks to all tests within a group. See the snippet from `test-examples/demo-todo-app.spec.ts` below for reference.

```js
test.describe('Mark all as completed', () => {
  test.beforeEach(async ({ page }) => {
    await createDefaultTodos(page);
    await checkNumberOfTodosInLocalStorage(page, 3);
  });

  test.afterEach(async ({ page }) => {
    await checkNumberOfTodosInLocalStorage(page, 3);
  });

  test('should allow me to mark all items as completed', async ({ page }) => {
    // test actions details omitted for clarity
  });

  test('should allow me to clear the complete state of all items', async ({ page }) => {
    // test actions details omitted for clarity
  });

  test('complete all checkbox should update state when items are completed / cleared', async ({ page }) => {
    // test actions details omitted for clarity
  });
});
```


### 3.8.2 More Test Annotations

fixme, skip, other options